docker: Provide prometheus quick start (#52)
gravitee-io/gravitee-api-management: docker/quick-setup/prometheus/README.md

# Monitoring with Prometheus

Here is a docker-compose to run APIM with one gateway and Prometheus scrapping enabled.

To test the **Prometheus scrapping endpoint**, you can call, for example, `http://localhost:18092/_node/metrics/prometheus` to see values.

---

> > For more information, please read this doc: https://docs.gravitee.io/apim/3.x/apim_installguide_hybrid_deployment.html#apim_gateway_http_bridge_server

Reviewer: maybe 
```suggestion
> For more information, please read this doc: https://docs.gravitee.io/pages/node/partial/metrics.html
```
